# Project Structure
The `main.py` file contains the framework for the code. It introduces the software, and it calls all other functions and files in the project. 
___
In the folder `games`, there are four different Python files named `pong.py`, `snake.py`, `shapes.py`, and `tetris.py`. The first file, `pong.py`, contains **all** the functions and code associated with the Pong game. The `snake.py` file contains the functions and processes for the Snake game as well. The files `shapes.py` and `tetris.py` go together, as `shapes.py` contains the various maps for each of the shapes in Tetris (along with some other variables and functions for that game). The `tetris.py` file contains the main code for Tetris, and calls on `shapes.py` to use its functions in a modular structure.
___
In the folder `set_up`, there is a text file named `arcade_intro.txt` and a Python file named `imports_and_settings`. The `arcade_intro.txt` file contains a simple text based Arcade page that the software reads and prints to the console when a specific function is called. The `imports_and_settings` file contains functions, data, imports, and variables that are used globally in this project. The purpose of this file is to provide a central location to define functions and variables that are needed in each of the game files. Thus, various variables and functions from `imports_and_settings` are imported in each of the files in the folder `games`.
___
The Packages files group containers two files, `poetry.lock` and `pyproject.toml`. The `pyproject.toml` file is used to establish some basic information about the Project, along with listing some project dependencies. In this software, we only import a library named `blessings`. Thus, in `pyproject.toml`, we establish the name and version (following semantic versioning) of the module we want to install. This ensures that the exact version of the dependency is packaged so that future revisions and versions don't affect the functionality of this code. The `poetry.lock` file is Replit.com's auto-generated `.lock` file type to "lock" the dependencies. 
___
The `README.md` and `PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md` are both markdown file types used to convey text-based information to the user. Hello, user!